Update shell-script-step.md (#4195)
harness/developer-hub: docs/continuous-delivery/x-platform-cd-features/cd-steps/utilities/shell-script-step.md

```

</details>

### Running Kubernetes Commands in the Shell Script

> In your Shell script step, you can run Kubernetes commands. It doesn't require a user to provide an infrastructure, if the user has a Kubernetes Delegate installed on a particular cluster with the correct permissions, you can run a shell script command that runs a `kubectl client command`
> 
> For Example in your Script Body:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can run Kubernetes commands (kubectl) in a Shell script step. The step doesn't require you to provide an infrastructure. All that is required is a Harness Kubernetes delegate installed on a target cluster with the correct permissions.

Example script:
```

```
export KUBECONFIG=${HARNESS_KUBE_CONFIG_PATH}  
kubectl scale deploy -n <+infra.namespace> $(kubectl get deploy -n <+infra.namespace> -o jsonpath='{.items[?(@.spec.selector.matchLabels.harness\.io/color=="'$(kubectl get service/<+pipeline.stages.nginx.spec.execution.steps.stageDeployment.output.stageServiceName> -n <+infra.namespace> -o jsonpath='{.spec.selector.harness\.io/color}')'")].metadata.name}') --replicas=0
```

> The step may look like this:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The step might look like this:
```
